[dramatic music playing]
[in Italian] Forgive my delay, Your Grace.
I had to push through a crowd outside.
The Sacra Cintola is a treasure.
On the rare days we put it on display,
everyone wants a peek.
-[in English] Has the mayor arrived?
-In the chapel, with the bishop.
No shooting, right? That was our deal.
That's our deal.
[grunts]
[bishop in Italian]
When the Mother of God,
the ever Virgin Mary,
was called to heaven,
she handed her Holy Belt to St. Thomas
as proof of her divine ascension.
We've protected it ever since.
It is holy.
[dramatic music playing]
[in English] Give it to me,
the relic. Now!
Please, this is not what God
wants for your lives.
Idolaters know nothing of what God wants.
[gunshot]
You can't. It's sacred.
It is sacred.
Which is why it needs to be destroyed.
[man] The investor will come through.
Do not worry.
I'm not worried.
I know how these money men work.
If he didn't say no, it means yes.
Soon, he will hand you a big check,
and everyone will buy
your fancy new security system.
It's a security software suite.
Whatever. Everyone will buy it.
Soon, you can forget about
all these lost years of your life.
-The FBI can find a new desk clerk.
-Hush, Hashem.
Aram can't talk about his work,
but I'm sure it's important,
even if it does wash out his complexion.
How do you like being back at work, motek?
It's weird. I thought I'd closed
the door on this part of my life,
but it's great to see the team
and a paycheck doesn't hurt.
Paychecks are the shackles
of the common man, remember that.
Wait till you are running
your own company.
Ooh. Maybe you'll be on Shark Tank.
I gotta go, um...
Thank you for breakfast.
I will call you guys and talk to you soon.
Do not worry. The money, it will come.
[Aram] Not worried!
Have you thought about this?
She's 11, you're a fugitive.
But she doesn't know that.
She wouldn't see that.
Children see behavior,
good or bad, kind or cruel.
I'm confident Agnes will...
see me.
I won't lie to her.
Do you let her believe in Santa Claus?
-I let her believe in myths.
-If the shoe fits...
I want to be in her life.
I know it's hard and that you mean well.
Let me talk to Charlene,
I'll see what she says.
What do you know about
the Supremo Priori Knighthood?
-Never heard of them.
-I'm not surprised.
For generations, they've been
a rather toothless group
of religious extremists.
And you're telling me about them
because that's no longer the case.
They recently killed an innocent man
during the armed robbery
of the Sacra Cintola.
Mary's Holy Belt?
Another in a growing list
of stolen iconography
they've put on the illicit auction block.
The belt will soon be available
to the highest bidder.
When and where is the auction?
Mm...
Let me worry about that.
I suggest you do some homework on the SPK,
be prepared for whatever comes.
[Cooper] Muhammad's footprint
from Istanbul,
the Buddha's tooth from Sri Lanka,
in Cologne, Germany,
bones belonging to the Three Wise Men,
all stolen by the SPK,
then, according to Reddington,
sold on the black market.
No way. I mean,
those things aren't real, right?
Authenticity is irrelevant.
Belief makes them real and holy.
Initially, the SPK operated like thieves
in the night, but they've turned violent.
Two days ago, they killed a security guard
inside a cathedral in Prato, Italy,
during the armed robbery
of a 2000-year-old belt
-worn by the Virgin Mary.
-Allegedly.
Did Reddington say what turned
a secret society into armed robbers?
[Cooper] Not what, but who.
A new leader known only as Giovanni.
[Aram] If these are true believers,
they'd want to possess the relics,
not auction them off.
[Ressler] As usual, two plus two
equals five.
What's Reddington not telling us?
I don't know.
Don't know or won't say?
Agent Ressler, that'll be enough.
I'm sorry, but Dembe
didn't just work for Reddington.
He was his sworn protector,
his closest friend.
Now we're supposed to just
accept him as one of ours?
Until he gives us a reason not to, yes.
Agent Zuma, you and Agent Mojtabai
will go to the cathedral in Prato.
Vatican agreed to share
what they found at the crime scene.
You two, be careful out there.
Your FBI reinstatements won't be official
until Health Services
administers a drug test.
I took mine last week.
I'll have them arrange yours next.
On that note, you should know that I met
with an angel investor about my company,
and, well, shockingly, he...
he might be interested.
So you're leaving us
for the private sector again?
I appreciate you mentioning it.
If it happens,
I'll support whatever decision you make.
Until then, let's take down the SPK.
This is where the thieves entered
and stabbed the guard.
Antonio was found dead here.
No CCTV cameras.
I have stills from the crime scene.
-Is this door keyed on the outside?
-No. It can only be opened from inside.
We're operating on a theory
that a crew member
was already in the building.
You're right, and that crew member
was your own guard.
His weapon is still holstered.
If he felt threatened, it wouldn't be.
If our guard was helping the intruders,
why would they kill him?
-Hard to say. Things go wrong.
-If your guard was the inside man,
there may be a money trail
we can follow back to the SPK.
I'll see what I can find
in his financial records.
Remember, you're not an agent.
If something happens,
leave the fun stuff to me.
You got a weird definition of "fun."
-[Park] David Kangas?
-That's right.
Agent Park, FBI.
I'd like to speak to you about
a transaction you made,
wiring 50,000 euros to a man in Italy.
I'm a business manager.
My firm moves all kinds of money.
I don't remember each transaction,
but if you'd like to visit my office...
Maybe we can prompt your memory.
Antonio Lucchese was a guard
for the Santa Maria de Prato Cathedral.
We believe the money you transferred
was payment for his role in a robbery.
I have no knowledge
of any criminal activity.
We're not suggesting you do.
Maybe one of your clients does.
Have you ever heard of the SPK?
[grunts]
[Ressler] Stop! Stop!
Kangas, get out here!
"Worthy is the lamb who was slain."
I am worthy!
-Jesus, you having fun yet?
-Honor and glory are mine!
[screaming]
[auctioneer] Do I hear 650?
Last chance to own your own ZPU-2
twin-barrel anti-aircraft gun.
No one can run or fly from you
when you are sitting in this bad boy.
Shock and awe your friends
and enemies alike.
Going once.
Twice.
Sold to the lady in red for 600,000.
May your revenge
be as daring as your neckline.
[gasps]
And now a Galilean fashion accessory
once worn by the OG Madonna herself.
I give you...
-the Sacra Cintola.
-[woman gasps]
Nothing says heavenly style
like a camel hair belt
encased in gold, silver, and rock crystal.
The bidding commences at 2 million.
I have two.
I have three. Thank you, sir.
Four? Can I get four?
I have four.
Do I hear five?
The Virgin Mary was riding
a tractor beam up to God
when she dropped this beauty.
It is a bargain at 4 million.
-How about 4.5?
-Five, if you close the bidding now.
Sold to the gentleman.
[chimes]
[auctioneer] Your funds cleared.
Congratulations, you are now
the proud owner of biblical history.
[Raymond] Yeah.
Actually, Mother Mary's chastity belt
is of no interest to me.
I only bought the heirloom
to gain access to something that is.
The name of the client
who entrusted you with the Sacra Cintola.
I'm sure you can appreciate
the need for confidentiality.
I can. Which is why I brought
this bauble for your auction.
-Is this...?
-One of the seven.
Selling it would offset
my latest expenditure.
More to the point,
your cut of the sale would be...
well, low seven figures.
If I give you the name?
What? And arrange
for a meeting between us.
That's not how I conduct business.
Hm.
Trevor, I'm not leaving here
without the meeting.
You can either profit
from giving it to me,
or get hurt, then give it to me.
David was a wonderful husband,
a kind father.
He was very... normal.
So, what happened to him?
The Supremo Priori Knighthood.
David said they're a fraternity,
like the Shriners.
I thought it would be good for him,
fellowship with Christian men.
-How could I know it was a cult?
-A cult? What do you mean?
I mean, a religious devotion
to a manipulative leader
who turned my husband into a... martyr.
Did he tell you where they met?
No. But when his behavior changed,
I started tracking his cell phone.
I'd do anything to catch the madman
who did this to my husband.
[man] Wake up.
Wake up.
Biblical prophecies
are unfolding before our very eyes.
Oceans rising, rivers receding,
the whole damn Earth's on fire.
Yet we await a Second Coming
that has not come.
Why?
Because people
are too busy worshipping the past
to see what's happening right now.
Only through the destruction
of their ancient idols
are we able to open their eyes
so they may see their way
to the kingdom of heaven.
-Amen.
But in order to do that,
we must be welcome.
The senseless murder
of that poor security guard in Italy
set our cause back immeasurably.
And he was one of us.
He contributed
to the furtherance of our cause.
And you killed him.
Shame on you.
Death and violence are not the way
to righteous change.
What is the way, Giovanni?
We keep destroying their relics,
and they just keep covering it up.
Be patient, Brother Colfax.
Our message will get out eventually.
It's out right now.
The press is talking about us.
It's time to make a move.
Like what?
Let's not steal from another church.
Let's take down a church.
-Amen.
-[man] Amen, brother.
-[applauding]
-[Giovanni] That's enough.
There will be no more violence.
Do you understand?
We must all aspire to be
more like John the Baptist,
who peacefully paved the way
for the return of the Messiah.
And that is why, as an inspiration,
I have chosen as our next target...
the head of John the Baptist.
It is to be venerated at the Old
Holy Cross Church tomorrow afternoon.
[cell phone buzzes]
Now it's time for us to take
a moment or two of reflection.
Everyone, take a breather,
stretch your legs,
and when I return, I'll share with you
how I plan to steal that head.
Yeah? How much did we get for this one?
Double the appraisal price.
Which is why I'm sending my colleague
to transfer your funds in person.
Can you meet him tomorrow for lunch?
-Can you assure me of his discretion?
-I promise.
The man I'm sending
won't speak of this to anyone.
Thank you.
Didn't this just get way more interesting?
The meek and scheming Robert Vesco
masquerading as the great
and powerful Giovanni.
-Excuse me?
-Yes, sir?
What is your most expensive wine?
We have a Château le Pin,
Pomerol 2001, which is $5800.
We'll take two. On his tab.
Which is $50 million in arrears.
So...
the scam.
Tell me about it.
[knocking on door]
Hey. Ready to brief the team?
Soon as I give Health Services
what they're here for.
Shouldn't be hard.
You drank half of the Potomac.
I did research.
I found where Kangas goes at night.
What? I like to hydrate.
You know, gingers tend to wrinkle.
Oh, you have no idea how hard it is
to manage a decent heist crew.
-The bickering, the squabbling...
-[Raymond] The fragile egos.
The safecracker who feels like
he's worth more than the gadget guy.
Who thinks he's smarter
than the mastermind.
Who just wants to go back
to the salad days of being a driver.
But you, instead of
teaching criminals to be brothers,
you turned a fraternity
of brothers into criminals.
-Mm.
-How did you con them
into stealing for you?
Profit sharing?
No.
Storytelling.
They want the end of the world.
I simply pour fuel on their fantasies.
Train them to connect
holy relics with idolatry.
They believe that what we steal
is burned at the altar.
But you perform a little...
sleight of hand.
Foot, actually,
which preserves the relics,
and then I sell them at auction.
Your own secret society.
Where can I get one?
-You must teach me the secret handshake.
-Hm.
I won't deny it has been
comically lucrative.
But it hasn't been all fun and games.
The security guard at the cathedral.
Yes, I know, I know. That poor man.
I've never used violence
in pursuit of illicit gain.
But I should've been there
to keep my boys in check.
But to tell you the truth,
at my age, after a long flight,
my ankles can just swell up
like balloons and I'm useless.
I would suggest compression socks.
I'd also suggest you shut down
this con, Robert, while you still can.
I'm way ahead of you, Raymond.
I've already decided to cut bait,
after they steal that head.
And if another body drops?
Not to worry, I've laid down the law.
I've got my boys under control.
Each IED contains a main charge,
an arming switch,
and a battery pack
connected to an RC receiver.
What's going on? You heard Giovanni.
He doesn't want this.
Giovanni doesn't know what he wants.
-When do you plan to detonate these?
-At the end of mass today.
When the bishop raises
the head of John the Baptist,
we'll blast open the gates of heaven
for all the world to see.
You'll blow these
with people in the church?
[Colfax] The Bible is full of judgment
and bloodshed.
Everyone will die for a cause.
-Giovanni needs to know about this.
-Wait.
[grunts]
I've enjoyed catching up, Raymond,
but now I must go and tend to my flock.
Your flock can wait.
We have unfinished business.
Are talking about
that De La Cruz job a few years back?
"Little De La Cruz job"?
That was a hundred million
in Spanish gold,
and you blew town
like a Texas twister with all of it.
Is this where you tell me
about honor among thieves?
No. It's where I tell you
that you'll pay your debt.
Well, in order to do that,
I'd have to go to my bank in Malta
and, well, to approve
a transfer of that size.
Perfect.
While I don't have a secret society,
I do have a jet.
-We're going to Malta.
-You didn't even know I'd be here.
You're right. I have changed.
I used to think that I had
to create my own fate.
Now I believe in karma.
Even if it is a bitch.
Remove any outer garments
that might conceal items
that could tamper your urine sample.
Anything else in your
pants' pockets goes in the bowl.
I know you're just doing your job,
but, FYI, we've both been agents.
We're not gonna cheat.
Void directly into the container.
Do not flush afterwards.
You have four minutes.
Okay, here we go.
It's funny.
This is awkward.
I should've had more to drink. I just--
I feel like I've been
retaining a lot of water lately.
I'm feeling, um, bloated.
♪ Money, money... ♪
[Aram] Okay, that's my phone.
I know the ring tone is embarrassing,
but, at this moment, what isn't?
I need to answer it.
No personal items in the stall.
It's important. Can you pick it up
and put it on speaker?
I can't miss this.
[Nick] We did it.
No way. He said yes?
The money came through?
We've got a company, baby.
My-- Oh, my God.
Whatever you're doing right now, drop it.
Trust me, I would... if I could.
[Ressler] The angel investor said yes.
Aram's on his way
to tech fame and fortune.
That's great news, congratulations.
There are still I's to be dotted
and T's to be crossed,
but, yeah, it is kind of exciting.
But I'm not going anywhere just yet.
Later, we'll celebrate and figure out
a way to help you spend your money.
Now we need to focus. Where are we on SPK?
The burn victim's wife couldn't
give us anything concrete.
But she was worried enough
about her husband's behavior
to start tracking his phone
when he went out at night.
He always parked in the same public lot,
then he'd turn off his phone.
Generic buildings,
no conspicuous occupants.
At least not now.
This is the same block in 1868,
the year the SPK was founded.
One of these three buildings remains.
And what it was, and still is,
an American Legion Hall.
So you have any groups
that meet here on a regular basis?
Yeah, you mean the Arthritics.
Our senior heavy metal band.
[chuckles] I don't care much
for their sounds.
But I'll let you boys look around, okay?
Sure doesn't look like the home base
for heavily armed religious extremists.
Maybe they are hiding in plain sight.
Something you know about, huh?
This mirror...
is a reproduction of the Porta Magica.
A monument built in 1680
in Piazza Vittorio.
So?
So...
the Magic Portal isn't a mirror.
It's a door.
They say alchemists used it
to vanish from our world.
-Reddington teach you that trick?
-Yes.
He showed me the real Porta Magica in Rome
and told me the story.
He taught you well.
I wish we knew
if he was still teaching you.
I wish I knew when you'll believe me
when I say he's not.
[whirring]
The SPK's next target?
Blueprints for IEDs.
And a floor plan.
Old Holy Cross Church.
[man groaning]
Call an ambulance.
Peace be with you.
And also with you, Father.
I'll tell you what, Raymond.
If we skip Malta, I'll deal you in
on a little plan I've hatched
worth ten times as much.
[cell phone rings]
You deal from the bottom
of the deck, Robert.
I do.
Señor Cooper.
Thank you.
Harold. So you've spoken with Charlene.
I have.
And I got her to agree
to let you see Agnes.
Wonderful.
As long as I'm present.
Present.
Present how?
She won't agree to let you and Agnes
be alone together.
She wants the visits to be supervised.
I'm not an abusive husband or father.
You're a cold-hearted murderer.
I know what Agnes means to you,
and I'm trying,
but this is the best I can do.
I appreciate it, Harold,
and I'll consider it.
I have news about the Sacra Cintola.
For once, I'm ahead of you.
Savoring the moment will have to wait.
We know what the SPK's next move is.
You said you had your flock under control.
I do.
They're about to blow up a church
on live TV.
I don't believe it.
Belief is your problem, Robert.
Or the lack of it.
It's why you didn't see this coming.
Well, in my defense,
it's very difficult
to maintain good judgment
when your followers think
you're channeling God.
What am I going to do?
I've never lost control of a con before.
Stay calm.
Happens to the best of us.
Or so I'm told.
A church full of innocent people.
I can't bear to have
that stain on my soul.
What do you know of the plan?
Is there a staging area?
I scouted one for them.
Then that's where we're going.
[Ressler] The church is full of people.
The service was already underway
when you called.
We've initiated a lockdown
but held off on emergency evac.
Good. The bombers are watching
a live broadcast.
We don't want to alert them.
Just cut the feed.
The moment we do that,
they'll blow the church.
[Dembe] According to their notes,
we have until the bishop raises John
the Baptist's head to save these people.
[priest] "Give to the king thy judgment,
O God.
To the king's son, thy justice."
[Aram] I looked over the schematics
from the SPK base.
Looks like they've rigged IEDs
with RF triggers
and hidden them under the pews.
If I can get a close look at one
and determine its frequency,
I should be able to jam the remote signal.
"...as showers falling gently
upon the Earth.
In his days shall justice spring up,
and abundance of peace
till the moon be taken away.
And he shall rule from sea to sea,
and from the river
unto the ends of the Earth."
[beeping]
Son of a bitch.
Hey, Ressler, you're never gonna believe
what I just found.
[Aram] I saw one of the IEDs
but I can't get close enough
to determine its RF output
without creating a scene.
Too many live TV cameras.
[Ressler] Robert Vesco!
The wanted fugitive
who faked his own death in Cuba.
Reddington's friend, wasn't he?
He was. Why?
Because based on the fingerprints
on the SPK altar,
that's who Giovanni is.
But you already knew that, didn't you?
Vesco is a conman. Not a killer.
Reddington once sent us
to find Vesco, remember?
Once we did, you and your boss
helped him get away with a fortune.
Yes. Raymond did con you.
-But then Vesco conned him.
-Hm.
Maybe that's why he gave us this case.
As payback.
Or maybe he gave it to us
to help his old pal again.
If we have his prints, so does everyone
in law enforcement.
-How could that help him?
-Was hoping you could answer that.
I can't and I don't have time
to make you believe me.
Aram, I can get you a closer look
at those IEDs.
Follow me.
Just go in there and talk them down.
I really think
this is more your area than mine.
Can't you just--?
Shoot them for you?
No, I can't.
There's a bomb, Robert.
If I walk in, they'll set it off.
What if they won't listen to me?
You are Robert Vesco.
King of the con.
A swindling, cheating, double-crossing,
beautiful confidence man.
Well--
So put your game face on
and get your damn marks under control.
Thank you, Raymond. I needed that.
You're welcome.
Robert?
If you try to run out on me again,
I'll put you down
like a three-legged mule.
This is the Lamb of God
who takes away the sins of the world.
Get ready, boys.
Any minute now.
What's going on in here?
Giovanni. You're just in time
for the fireworks.
You disobeyed my orders.
On the contrary,
we're doing what you taught us,
paving the way for the Second Coming.
Our goal was to prepare believers
by turning them away
from material objects.
To open their hearts and minds
to our spiritual nature.
-How does mass murder accomplish that?
-Fear accomplishes that.
[scoffs]
Then you should be down on your knees
for fear of me, son.
-Give me that detonator.
-No.
You'll see we're right.
We're gonna show you.
If you do, I'll go to the police.
Really? I just heard an APB
on a police scanner.
Giovanni isn't Giovanni.
His real name is Robert Vesco,
a fugitive wanted by the FBI.
-[priest] We're running out of time.
-That's why we need it.
[priest] An offering bag?
There's a bomb in the church,
and you want an offering bag.
Trust us.
Please.
-This should work.
-There's only one way to find out.
Thank you.
[cell phone rings]
-Harold Cooper.
- [ Raymond ] Harold.
I've been thinking about your proposal
regarding Agnes.
Now's not a good time.
Because of the church bombing?
That's being taken care of.
Not at the church it's not.
The pews are full.
The bombs are live.
We have to diffuse them.
The detonator's at an off-site location.
I've spoken to Giovanni.
He's there now working
to resolve the situation.
I know Giovanni is Vesco,
so forgive me for not taking solace
in knowing he's on the case.
You and who else?
Know about Vesco? Everyone.
His prints were found. We put out an APB.
♪ Lord God Almighty ♪
♪ Early in... ♪
[man] They'll bring out the head next.
Right after the offering.
Please, call this off.
You're doing it all for nothing.
Can't you see that?
You were just marks in a con.
What con?
If all your talk about the end times
was just talk,
if you don't believe worshipping the past
is killing the future,
why were we stealing relics
for you to destroy?
Because he doesn't destroy them.
He sells your precious antiquities
for a fortune on the black market.
Who are you?
I'm many things to many people.
To Robert here?
I'm a creditor who very much
needs him alive.
To a man of the cloth such as yourself?
I'm Yama.
God of death.
[Aram] Okay, this is the aisle.
The IED I saw should be about four feet
from where you're standing.
I don't see it, but I know it's there.
You gotta be close.
Stop. Stop.
Right there. I see it.
[Colfax] Whoever you are, you're wrong.
We burn the relics.
We destroy them.
His judgment will come.
But today is your judgment day.
I'm not an end timer by nature,
and my idea of rapture is, of late,
a bit more solipsistic.
But no matter what floats
one's funereal boat,
you will be judged by what you do
in the next 60 seconds.
[priest] And now for the blessing of the
holy relic of St. John the Baptist.
-We're out of time.
-I got a pic of the RC receiver.
I just need to match its markings
to its frequency.
If you are the god of death,
our guns shouldn't be able to hurt you.
There's only one way to find out.
[gunshots]
[Colfax] Not yet.
You can take me after.
Not before.
May almighty God bless this relic.
I found the frequency. Found it.
[beeping]
In the name of the Father, and the Son
and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Raymond! You saved me.
You're way past saving.
I preserved you.
An act of pure selfishness.
Come. If we leave now,
we'll be in Malta before sunup.
Still stuck on Malta?
I'm telling you,
we'll find bigger action
with the Salton Sea.
[Aram] Somebody's prayers were answered.
Or wasn't. Depending
on what you do or don't believe.
Personally, I lean towards the idea that--
Wu Xing.
Remember him?
Of course. That was my first case.
I remember thinking...
"Who is this weird guy
and why does he talk so much?"
That's a nervous tic.
I've been doing it
as long as I can remember.
I start going and--
I was trying to work my way up
to a compliment.
Oh... Sorry.
You forgot what it was?
I do that all the time.
If I think of something
and I don't say it right away, it's:
It's gone.
I-- Oh. Dang.
Sorry. Again.
It's okay.
Because whatever this is,
this whole Aram-a-palooza thing...
I'm gonna miss it.
[Raymond] Lithium?
[Robert] Yes, lithium.
The Salton Sea's full of it.
With all these electric cars,
there simply isn't enough of it.
-Until now.
-Robert Vesco.
I'm Special Agent Dembe Zuma, FBI.
You're under arrest.
[Raymond] I understand.
You're new on the job.
You want to impress.
But there are other factors at play.
Fifty million factors, as I recall.
And the SPK members
that he helped me to secure.
They're in a warehouse near the church.
It's a bit messy inside,
but in fairness,
they did pull their weapons first.
I knew you'd help him escape
so he could get you your money.
Naturally. I get my money,
the FBI saves a church full of people.
I'll even throw in
the Sacra Cintola to sweeten the deal.
It's good business for all.
And if Vesco slips away?
Oh, well.
Nobody in the FBI will be any the wiser.
I'm the FBI.
Yes, you're an FBI agent.
But loyalty,
that's something else entirely.
It is.
And mine is constantly being questioned.
Because your feet are planted
in two different worlds.
They're not.
But I'm having a hard time
convincing anyone of that.
And arresting Robert will convince them.
[Robert] Arresting me?
I'm a small fish compared to this shark.
I'm sorry, Robert.
You're my friend.
This, what I'm doing here...
I consider an act of friendship.
You don't see it now.
I hope someday that you will.
[pensive music playing]
So is it true?
That you took him off Reddington's jet?
If we offer him a deal,
he'll identify SPK members
and those who bought the stolen relics.
But is it true?
I'm not auditioning for your approval
or your trust.
♪ Money, money
I just can't get enough ♪
I just can't get-- ♪
-Hey.
- [ Nick ] Where the heck are you?
I'm, um...
stuck at work.
[Hashem] I told you the investor would
come through. Didn't I tell you?
-Yeah, you told me.
- [ Naamah ] Nick showed us the check.
I didn't know a check could fit
so many zeroes.
[Hashem] I know these money men.
He didn't say no, he's going to say yes.
[Nick] Welcome to the 1%, pal.
[Hashem] Your days as a desk clerk
are officially over.
Did Cooper find you?
What does he want?
Your drug test came back.
A diluted negative.
What does that mean?
We both know the answer to that.
-Did I pass or not?
-Neither.
You have to retake it.
Under even closer supervision.
Which means you can't use this.
-You don't know what you're talking about.
-Unfortunately for you,
I know exactly what I'm talking about.
I'm a child of an addict.
I know the tricks of the trade.
How eye drops can throw off
a urine sample.
How sucking down water
can render the results meaningless.
Did you tell Cooper?
I didn't.
Because I think you need this job.
You're good at it and it keeps you
on the straight and narrow.
I want you to have your badge back.
But now I have the power
to make sure that never happens.
And I'll use it unless you clean up.
[cell phone buzzing]
Aram. I thought you'd be out celebrating.
I saw my parents
and my business partner, Nick.
They must be so happy and proud of you.
We did good work today.
At the church.
We saved a lot of people.
Yes. It was a good day.
We got a lot of those.
Days where we help people.
Why are you here?
It's late. Everyone's gone home.
Your ship has come in
and yet here you are.
I had my business partner buy me out.
And, um... It wasn't much.
Enough for a new kitchen.
Mom's been wanting one.
And I made Nick create
a camp scholarship in my name.
Space Camp. I was 12.
It, um... It changed my life.
There won't always be good days.
I know.
And, uh, on those, I may regret my choice.
But...
not much.
And on the good days, I, um--
I can't think of anywhere else
I'd rather be.
Sounds like a reason to celebrate.
Come on. I'll buy you a drink.
Thanks, but if it's okay,
I'd like to just hang out here.
Of course.
The belt worn by the Virgin Mary.
I'm speechless.
If you weren't, you would be if I told you
what the damn thing cost me.
Aren't you awestruck?
I appreciate
the object's place in history,
but not the reverence for it.
In that, I agree with Giovanni.
Getting lost in the past
distracts us from the work of the present.
I still have a hard time believing
you didn't know Vesco was Giovanni.
Lucky coincidence.
Or unlucky, seeing as he's going to prison
and taking a fortune of mine with him.
He had a long run.
I doubt we've heard
the last of Robert Vesco.
Who knows?
If I get bored, maybe I'll break him out.
I'd love to best him one last time.
And you wonder why Charlene
insists on supervised visitation.
[chuckles]
Have you decided on whether
you can abide by our visitation terms?
As a matter of survival,
I make it a point to only enter spaces
whose borders I define.
But if spending time with Agnes
requires submitting to borders
defined by you and Charlene, so be it.
I don't like it,
but the alternative is far worse.
Agreed. I'll go get her.
Now?
Go get Agnes right now?
Why not?
You've waited two years.
No point in keeping you
waiting any longer.
You look fine.
[Cooper] You met him a long time ago.
He was a close friend of your mother's
and he's very excited to see you.
Hi.
You probably don't remember me.
I remember you.
We sailed boats together in Central Park.
And we got fruit pops.
Yes.
That's right.
That was the day
before the day my mother died.
You're Pinky.
Yes.
I'm Pinky.